source/getting-started/workflow.html.md, before:

---
title: Workflow
---

Nanobox is designed to provide a seamless dev-to-production development cycle. [Nanobox dev](/local-dev/) provisions a local virtual machine (VM) using the same engines, images, and configuration that are used in a production Nanobox environment. When you push your codebase to your version control provider (Github, Bitbucket, etc.), it triggers a deploy to your Nanobox app. That app is than managed and scaled through your Nanobox dashboard.

## Develop & Build Locally
The Nanobox CLI's `dev` command creates virtualized local development environment identical to what is or what will be your production Nanobox environment. The dev/production parity . If it works locally, it will work in production.

The [Local Development documentation](/local-dev/) walks through everything you need to know to use `nanobox dev` to develop locally in a Nanobox VM.

## Collaborate
Since all configuration and architectural information is housed in your `boxfile.yml` and committed to your repo, projects can be shared and actively developed by teams of any scale. Collaborators simply need to clone the project to their local machine, run `nanobox dev`, and Nanobox will provision an identical virtual development environment.

## Push & Deploy
When creating an app, you specify a location from which Nanobox can pull and deploy your application code. As code is pushed, Nanobox can either auto-detect and auto-deploy the update, or you can manually deploy the newest update through your Nanobox dashboard. More information is in the [App Deployment doc](#) .

## Manage Your Production App
Once deployed, apps are managed and scaled in your [Nanobox dashboard](https://dashboard.nanobox.io). For the deep dive into application management, read through the [App Management docs](/app-management/).

Commit message:

refactored for new boxfile structure and local builds

source/getting-started/workflow.html.md, after:

---
title: Workflow
---

Nanobox is designed to provide a seamless dev-to-production development cycle. [Nanobox dev](/local-dev/) provisions a local virtual machine (VM) using the same engines, images, and configuration that are used in a production Nanobox environment. [Nanobox build](#) builds and prepares your codebase for deploy. [Nanobox deploy](#) takes the generated build and deploys it into your production environment. You then manage and scale your production app through your Nanobox dashboard.

## Develop & Build Locally
The Nanobox CLI's `dev` command creates virtualized local development environment identical to what is or what will be your production Nanobox environment. Develop in confidence knowing that if it works locally, it will work in production.

Once you're at a point where you'd like to push your code into production, the `build` command will prepare and build your code into a deployable package.

The [Local Development documentation](/local-dev/) walks through the entire local development workflow.

## Deploy
With a build prepared, the `deploy` command will push and deploy the generated build into your production environment.

## Manage & Scale Your Production App
Once deployed, apps are managed and scaled in your [Nanobox dashboard](https://dashboard.nanobox.io). For the deep dive into application management, read through the [App Management docs](/app-management/).

## Collaborate
Since all configuration and architectural information is housed in your `boxfile.yml`, apps can be easily shared and actively developed by teams of any scale without having to worry about the nuances of different machines. Collaborators simply need to clone the project to their local machine, run `nanobox dev`, and Nanobox will provision an identical virtual development environment.
