source/cli/index.html.md, before:

---
title: Command Line Interface
---

All interaction with Nanobox happens through the `nanobox` CLI. This section of docs walks through each of the CLI commands, their functionality, and options associated with each. Below is a list with a quick summary of each command:

| Command                                | Summary                                                             |
| :------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`dev`](/cli/dev/)                     | Starts the nanobox, provisions app, & opens an interactive terminal |
| [`run`](/cli/run/)                     | Starts a nanobox, provisions the app, & runs the app's exec         |
| [`info`](/cli/info/)                   | Displays information about the nanobox and your app                 |
| [`console`](/cli/console/)             | Opens an interactive terminal from inside your app on the nanobox   |
| [`exec`](/cli/exec/)                   | Runs a command from inside your app on the nanobox                  |
| [`down`](/cli/down/)                   | Suspends the nanobox                                                |
| [`destroy`](/cli/destroy/)             | Destroys the nanobox                                                |
| [`help`](/cli/help/)                   | Displays CLI help                                                   |
| [`update`](/cli/update/)               | Updates the CLI to the newest available version                     |
| [`update-images`](/cli/update-images/) | Updates the nanobox docker images                                   |

### Subcommands
The Nanobox CLI include subcommands - commands each with their own subset of commands related to a specific task or workflow.

| Subcommand               | Summary                                                       |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`engine`](/cli/engine/) | Provides tools to aid in the creation & management of engines |

### Global Command Options
#### --background
Stops nanobox from auto-suspending. Only takes affect on commands that require a running nanobox.

#### -v, --verbose
Increases command output from 'info' to 'debug'.

#### -f, --force
Forces the command to run without any confirmation. **Use responsibly!**

#### --version
Displays the current version of the Nanobox CLI.

Commit message:

updated cli down to stop

source/cli/index.html.md, after:

---
title: Command Line Interface
---

All interaction with Nanobox happens through the `nanobox` CLI. This section of docs walks through each of the CLI commands, their functionality, and options associated with each. Below is a list with a quick summary of each command:

| Command                                | Summary                                                             |
| :------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`dev`](/cli/dev/)                     | Starts the nanobox, provisions app, & opens an interactive terminal |
| [`run`](/cli/run/)                     | Starts a nanobox, provisions the app, & runs the app's exec         |
| [`info`](/cli/info/)                   | Displays information about the nanobox and your app                 |
| [`console`](/cli/console/)             | Opens an interactive terminal from inside your app on the nanobox   |
| [`exec`](/cli/exec/)                   | Runs a command from inside your app on the nanobox                  |
| [`stop`](/cli/stop/)                   | Stops the nanobox, preserves the current state                      |
| [`destroy`](/cli/destroy/)             | Destroys the nanobox                                                |
| [`help`](/cli/help/)                   | Displays CLI help                                                   |
| [`update`](/cli/update/)               | Updates the CLI to the newest available version                     |
| [`update-images`](/cli/update-images/) | Updates the nanobox docker images                                   |

### Subcommands
The Nanobox CLI include subcommands - commands each with their own subset of commands related to a specific task or workflow.

| Subcommand               | Summary                                                       |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`engine`](/cli/engine/) | Provides tools to aid in the creation & management of engines |

### Global Command Options
#### --background
Stops nanobox from auto-suspending. Only takes affect on commands that require a running nanobox.

#### -v, --verbose
Increases command output from 'info' to 'debug'.

#### -f, --force
Forces the command to run without any confirmation. **Use responsibly!**

#### --version
Displays the current version of the Nanobox CLI.
