source/providers/index.html.md, before:

---
title: Cloud Providers
description: Launch your app on your preferred cloud provider
---

Nanobox is provider-agnostic and enables you to launch the same app on any available provider. We encourage you to run your app on multiple providers to determine where your app will be best suited.

Nanobox doesn't interfere with your provider relationship in any way. You will be billed for resources used directly by the provider directly, not Nanobox. Additionally, any servers that nanobox launches will be visible and accessible directly through your provider.

## Finding a Provider

Available providers can be configured within the "Cloud Providers" tab of the Account Admin within the dashboard.

## Using an Provider

To configure a provider on Nanobox, you will first need to create an account with your preferred cloud provider. Once you have an account, you can head over the the "Cloud Providers" tab of the Account Admin and provide your account credentials. Nanobox will order and provision resources on your behalf. 

## Creating Provider Integration
You're free to create your provider integration if you can't find one that suits your needs. The [Creating a Custom Provider](/providers/create/) docs cover the process in detail.

Commit message:

updated error docs, moved hosting provider doc, added build_triggers

source/providers/index.html.md, after:

---
title: Cloud Providers
description: Launch your app on your preferred cloud provider
---

Nanobox is provider-agnostic and enables you to launch the same app on any available provider. We encourage you to run your app on multiple providers to determine where your app will be best suited.

Nanobox doesn't interfere with your provider relationship in any way. You are billed for resources used directly by the provider, not Nanobox. Additionally, any servers that Nanobox launches will be visible and accessible directly through your provider.

## Connecting to a Provider
Available providers can be configured in the "Hosting Accounts" section of your Account Admin in your dashboard. To configure a provider on Nanobox, you will first need to create an account with your preferred cloud provider.

This process is covered in detail in the [Hosting Accounts](/providers/hosting-accounts/) doc.

## Creating Provider Integration
You're free to create your provider integration if you can't find one that suits your needs. The [Creating a Custom Provider](/providers/create/) docs cover the process in detail.
