source/local-config/configure-nanobox.html.md, before:

---
title: Configure Nanobox
seo_title: Configure Docker & Virtual Machine Settings
description: The 'configure' command defines configuration options for your local Nanobox container.
title: set docker ram, set docker cpu, set docker disk, change virtual disk, update virtual disk
---

Nanobox configuration settings can be modified using the [`nanobox config` command](/cli/configure/). The first time any `nanobox` command is run, Nanobox will walk automatically walk you through this process.

```bash
# View config settings
nanobox config ls

# Set a specific setting
nanobox config set ram 4

# Get the value of a specific setting
nanobox config get cpu
```

#### Important
Changes to config settings require you to restart your Nanobox VM in order to be applied.

#### Configuration Example
```yaml
provider: docker-machine
mount-type: native
ram: 4
cpu: 2
disk: 15360
netfs_mount_opts: 'mfsymlinks'

# Advanced
external-network-space: 192.168.99.50/24,
docker-machine-network-space: 172.19.0.1/16,
native-network-space: 172.18.0.1/16,
lock-port: 12345
```

### Provider
The `provider` config defines which technology is used to manage Docker containers in your virtual/local host. The following providers are available:

- `docker_machine` - Uses VirtualBox for virtualization and Docker Machine to create Docker containers in the VM.
- `native` - Uses native docker containers on your host OS.


### Mount Type
`mount-type` specifies which technology to use when mounting code on your local machine into Nanobox. The following options are available:

- `native` - Uses the network file system native to your [provider](#provider).
- `netfs` - Uses NFS on OSX and Linux, CIFS on Windows. **Much** better performance, but requires admin permissions. *Netfs is only used with the ["docker_machine" provider](#provider).*

### CPU
The `cpu` setting defines the number of CPU cores to make available to your virtualized environment.


### RAM
The `ram` setting defines the amount of RAM (in GB) to make available to your virtualized environment.


### Disk
The `disk` setting specifies the amount of disk space *in MB* to allot to your virtualized environment.

**Note:** The disk available to the VM cannot be changed on the fly. To modify the size of your Nanobox VM, you will need to [implode](/cli/implode/) the existing VM and recreate it after changing the disk setting in your config.


### NetFS Mount Options
`netfs_mount_opts` specifies options to include when mounting your local codebase into Nanobox.

- `mfsymlinks` - When running Nanobox in Windows, this option allows symlinks created in Nanobox to function properly with your local filesystem. *There are caveats with this setting that are outlined in the [Symlinks in Windows](/trbl/symlinks-in-win) doc.*

## Advanced

### External Network Space
`external-network-space` defines the network that Nanobox creates to communicate with the containers from the outside, through a Virtual Private Network (VPN).

### Docker Machine Network Space
`docker-machine-network-space` defines the network Nanobox uses to facilitate communication between Docker containers when using the ["docker-machine" provider](#provider).

### Native Network Space
`native-network-space` defines the network Nanobox uses to facility communication between Docker containers when using the ["native" provider](#provider).

### Lock Port
`lock-port` defines which port will be locked by tcp. This is necessary to prevent race conditions within Nanobox. If the specified port is already in use, it needs to be updated.

Commit message:

Added ci-mode to the local config doc. Resolves #23

source/local-config/configure-nanobox.html.md, after:

---
title: Configure Nanobox
seo_title: Configure Docker & Virtual Machine Settings
description: The 'configure' command defines configuration options for your local Nanobox container.
title: set docker ram, set docker cpu, set docker disk, change virtual disk, update virtual disk
---

Nanobox configuration settings can be modified using the [`nanobox config` command](/cli/configure/). The first time any `nanobox` command is run, Nanobox will walk automatically walk you through this process.

```bash
# View config settings
nanobox config ls

# Set a specific setting
nanobox config set ram 4

# Get the value of a specific setting
nanobox config get cpu
```

#### Important
Changes to config settings require you to restart your Nanobox VM in order to be applied.

#### Configuration Example
```yaml
provider: docker-machine
ci-mode: false
mount-type: native
ram: 4
cpu: 2
disk: 15360
netfs_mount_opts: 'mfsymlinks'

# Advanced
external-network-space: 192.168.99.50/24,
docker-machine-network-space: 172.19.0.1/16,
native-network-space: 172.18.0.1/16,
lock-port: 12345
```

### Provider
The `provider` config defines which technology is used to manage Docker containers in your virtual/local host. The following providers are available:

- `docker_machine` - Uses VirtualBox for virtualization and Docker Machine to create Docker containers in the VM.
- `native` - Uses native docker containers on your host OS.

### CI Mode
Continuous integration (CI) mode disables the Nanobox output summarizer and essentially runs Nanobox in verbose mode. Most CI services include their own output summarizers which can conflict with summarized output of other tools.

### Mount Type
`mount-type` specifies which technology to use when mounting code on your local machine into Nanobox. The following options are available:

- `native` - Uses the network file system native to your [provider](#provider).
- `netfs` - Uses NFS on OSX and Linux, CIFS on Windows. **Much** better performance, but requires admin permissions. *Netfs is only used with the ["docker_machine" provider](#provider).*

### CPU
The `cpu` setting defines the number of CPU cores to make available to your virtualized environment.


### RAM
The `ram` setting defines the amount of RAM (in GB) to make available to your virtualized environment.


### Disk
The `disk` setting specifies the amount of disk space *in MB* to allot to your virtualized environment.

**Note:** The disk available to the VM cannot be changed on the fly. To modify the size of your Nanobox VM, you will need to [implode](/cli/implode/) the existing VM and recreate it after changing the disk setting in your config.


### NetFS Mount Options
`netfs_mount_opts` specifies options to include when mounting your local codebase into Nanobox.

- `mfsymlinks` - When running Nanobox in Windows, this option allows symlinks created in Nanobox to function properly with your local filesystem. *There are caveats with this setting that are outlined in the [Symlinks in Windows](/trbl/symlinks-in-win) doc.*

## Advanced

### External Network Space
`external-network-space` defines the network that Nanobox creates to communicate with the containers from the outside, through a Virtual Private Network (VPN).

### Docker Machine Network Space
`docker-machine-network-space` defines the network Nanobox uses to facilitate communication between Docker containers when using the ["docker-machine" provider](#provider).

### Native Network Space
`native-network-space` defines the network Nanobox uses to facility communication between Docker containers when using the ["native" provider](#provider).

### Lock Port
`lock-port` defines which port will be locked by tcp. This is necessary to prevent race conditions within Nanobox. If the specified port is already in use, it needs to be updated.
