---
title: build
---

When code is deployed to a nanobox app, a "build" instance is provisioned in which your code is built and prepped for deploy. The `build` section of the Boxfile allows you to configure your build environment and how your code is built. Engines provide default build settings, but user specified settings will override the defaults.

#### Engines Take Care of Most of the Build
[Engines](/getting-started/engines/) handle the bulk of the build process, but engine developers may open up build options. What options are available wholly depend on the engine and should be documented in the engine's documentation.

#### Overview of Build Settings in the Boxfile
```yaml
build:
  # Engine
  engine: 'my/engine'
  disable_engine_boxfile: true
   
  # Dependency Management
  lib_dirs:
    - vendor
    - packages
  reuse_libs: true
```

## Engine
The `engine` config allows you to specify which [engine](/getting-started/engines/) to use to build your code. If no engine is provided, nanobox will "sniff" your code and determine the best fit.

#### engine
```yaml
build:
  engine: 'username/engine-name'
```

### Disable Engine Boxfile Generation
The `disable_engine_boxfile` config prevents an engine from generating a Boxfile for the app. This can be handy if you want to be able to specify everything your app needs in your Boxfile without any "suprises" generated by your engine.

#### disable\_engine\_boxfile
```yaml
build:
  disable_engine_boxfile: true
```

## Dependency Management
The following option allow you to control how dependencies are loaded/preserved during the build process.

### Library Directories
The `lib_dirs` config tells Nanobox where your dependency manager stores its dependencies. After the dependencies have been downloaded, the library directories are packaged into a “library archive”, which is used on subsequent deploys.

#### lib_dirs
```yaml
build:
  lib_dirs:
    - vendor
    - packages
```

### Reuse Libs
During the build process, dependecies are downloaded then stored in a "library archive". The `reuse_libs` config allows you to specify whether or not you want to use the library archive from the previous deploy. If set to 'false', libraries and packages will be downloaded on all deploys, increasing build/deploy times.

#### reuse_libs
```yaml
build:
  reuse_libs: true
```

