source/trbl/error/1000.html.md, before:

---
layout: error-code
title: '1000'
ename: Provider Unreachable

---

***Coming Soon***

<div>
  <!--
    ## Review the Meta Data & Stack Trace
    - meta data for the sequence
    - stack-trace

    ## Check the Network
    This error may be caused by Nanobox's inability to connect to the server on your hosting provider. To check network connectivity, try the following.

    ### Console into a Component on the Server
    Run the following console command to attempt to console into a component running on the affected server.

    ```bash
    # Attempt to open a console using the nanobox cli
    nanobox console component.id
    ```

    ### Ping the IP of the machine
    Another way to check connectivity is to attempt to ping the affected server. The IP to ping is included in the meta data of the error.

    ```bash
    ping <machine IP>
    ```

    ### Check with Your Provider
    If you're unable to successfully console into or ping the server, check with your hosting provider. They should be able to tell you if the server is up, down, or affected by an outage.
  -->
</div>

Commit message:

updated error docs, moved hosting provider doc, added build_triggers

source/trbl/error/1000.html.md, after:

---
layout: error-code
title: '1000'
ename: Provider Unreachable
---

## The Issue
Nanobox is unable to connect to your hosting provider.

### Possible Causes
- Your hosting provider's API may be unresponsive or returning errors.

## Steps to Take

### View the Full Stack Trace
The full stack trace includes meta information related to the running sequence as well as the response from your service provider. These should help to pinpoint the exact cause of the error.

### Contact Your Hosting Provider
There me be a known issue or outage preventing Nanobox from communicating your hosting provider. Your provider may be able to provide more information.

### Retry the Process
Once the issue with your provider has been resolved, retry the process. The retry button is available in your dashboard, to the right of the error information.

![Retry Sequence](process-retry.png)


<div>
  <!--
    ## Review the Meta Data & Stack Trace
    - meta data for the sequence
    - stack-trace

    ## Check the Network
    This error may be caused by Nanobox's inability to connect to the server on your hosting provider. To check network connectivity, try the following.

    ### Console into a Component on the Server
    Run the following console command to attempt to console into a component running on the affected server.

    ```bash
    # Attempt to open a console using the nanobox cli
    nanobox console component.id
    ```

    ### Ping the IP of the machine
    Another way to check connectivity is to attempt to ping the affected server. The IP to ping is included in the meta data of the error.

    ```bash
    ping <machine IP>
    ```

    ### Check with Your Provider
    If you're unable to successfully console into or ping the server, check with your hosting provider. They should be able to tell you if the server is up, down, or affected by an outage.
  -->
</div>
